Something inconspicous and untraceable. But then he saw the old girl. A
battered Range Rover would have been in keeping with the idiom of big game
safair, he supposed. But this would do. There'd be no tracing it. He doubted if
anyone left alive would even know of it's existence. 

Through this chaos, a 1968 Rolls Royce Silver Ghost glided. Everyone invovled was so
busy they paid no attention this ludicrous car, which really looked more
like a clown car than a luxury automobile, and busied themselves with the
worthy distraction of trying not to be crushed by the thrashing of a unhinged
tree. Cuthbert wheeled the stately vehicle up onto the sidewalk, around the now
abandoned police barricade and into an alley. He got out and opened the trunk.
He donned white gloves, then retreived the rocket launcher from it's case. He
held in delicately, as if he was going to present it to someone and turned and
walked from the alley. --Preparing the crystals. Yes, why not all of it. No
need to muck about with unneccesary changes, that was sure. 

Predictably, the situation in the street had grown more dire. Master Bryce was
now enmeshed in the net with the creature, and as the Boggus knocked a wave of
police into the side of a bus, the Lynx was tossed around in his wake. The tree
raised up to it's full height, and slammed itself town on a squad car,
transforming it in one blow from police car to something more akin to a police
canoe. 

With his ankle still caught in the net, Master Bryce slammed into the pavement
a split second after the trunk hit the car. And then the tree heaved again, and
his unconscious body was lifted from the pavement again, spun a tight arc
trhough the air and disppeared on the other side of the trunk. Ahab lashed to
the whale, thought Cuthbert. But hadn't Ahab been conscious? 

"Use the cables, men! Restrain this goddamn tree!" a cop with a bullhorn
commanded. The cable was heaved, but there were not enough men to hold it
tight, or make it fast. The tree swung and the man on the end of the line was 
hurled through the air and slamed into the sidewalk at
Cuthbert's feet. He moaned and clawed at his riot helmet. War was hell, thought
Cuthbert as he raised the launcher to his shoulder.  

"You, in the bowler hat!" said the voice on the bullhorn, "For your own safety,
clear the area."

Cuthbert rolled his eyes so much it affected his aim. For his own safety.
Restraint with cables. Cuthbert hated to interfere with another uniformed
professional's job, but this mistake was so blatant, so obvious to him, he was
left with no other choice. They were brave, dutiful men in blue. Charging to
the angered foliage and swinging timber, but there wasn't a gardner among him.
If there was, the would have quickly knew what Cuthbert understood the first
time he had seen the creature on television. 

It wasn't a suspect or a criminal
or a rampaging plant of any kind. This was simply a plant that had ventured to
grow in a place where it wasn't wanted. Like posion ivy in a children's garden,
or dandilions in a three hundred year old lawn. It was    


Cuthbert shook his head. They were brave men, dutiful, even, but they were no
gardeners. Cuthbert raise the launcher to is shoulder and sighted the trunk at
it's base. 

And there was the mistake, thought Cuthbert. These men m


