# How Play Develops Intelligence and Skills. 

Play is serious business. From an evolutionary standpoint, it is hard-wired and
as important as sleep. And as little understood.

As Michael Brown says in "Play: ..." Play is older and bigger than humanity.

Because, as it turns out, play is the best way to develop intelligence and
real skills. At the earliest ages, I feel the most important things to develop
is functional, whole body strength (the exact opposite of what cosmetic
weightlifting develops) and the ability to transition to and from the ground
(falling and rolling.) A close second to those are balance/propriecpion. 

So here's a simple game. Two kids on a balance beam with foam swords. Knock the
other kid off you lose. Vary the hieght of the beam and the density of the
swords so the game is just danergous enough to be fun. 

Here's what you learn playing that game. Balance, distance and timing. But
you're also learning to control your desire and your fear. Watch the game for 5
minutes and you will see that the majority of falls are caused by people
swinging too hard/too far and falling from the beam from what they did to
themselves. Unforced errors. So, to win, you have to learn how to control your
internal state, so you don't get so excited that you throw yourself off the
beam. 

Controlling your fear adds another element. The higher the beam goes, the
scarier the activity becomes. Even an inch and a half off the ground effects
the psyche. Especially if you are not comfortable with fall 




You're probably not taking movement and play seriously enough. But that's not
surprising. Perhaps no one is. Our understanding of the brain-body
relationship has changed, but our practice, especially with children hasn't
caught up yet. Here's how neurophysiologist Rudopho Linas sums it up. 

> "That which we call thinking is the evolutionary internalization of
movement."

The need for a brain is driven by the need to move. And thinking and movement
are so closely linked that it is no exaggeration to say that the primary
benefit of exercise is that it helps your brain function better. 